Add initial content to the Sphinx Doc (#59)
alpaka-group/vikunja: docs/source/advanced/cmake.rst

.. highlight:: none

CMake Arguments
===============

Common
++++++

VIKUNJA_BUILD_EXAMPLES
    .. code-block::

        Build the examples.

VIKUNJA_ENABLE_EXTRA_WARNINGS
    .. code-block::

        Set some additional compiler warning flags.

Testing
+++++++

BUILD_TESTING
    .. code-block::

        Build the testing tree.

VIKUNJA_SYSTEM_CATCH2
    .. code-block::

        Only works if BUILD_TESTING is ON.

>         Use your local installation of Catch2 v3.

Author: For a short time, I used Catch2 v3 but there was some problems with CUDA 10.x. Therefore I switch back to Catch2 V2 and forgot to update the doc. I will update it.

        Otherwise, it will be automatically downloaded and installed in the local build folder.

VIKUNJA_ENABLE_CXX_TEST
    .. code-block::

        Only works if BUILD_TESTING is ON.
        Special test that checks if ALPAKA_CXX_STANDARD works correctly.
        The implementation is very compiler specific, so it is possible that the test is not supported by your used C++ compiler.

> Alpaka

Reviewer: ```suggestion
alpaka
```

++++++

> The following cmake variables are provided by alpaka. This section contains only the most important variables. To see all variables, see `here <https://alpaka.readthedocs.io/en/latest/advanced/cmake.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following CMake variables are provided by alpaka. This section contains only the variables most important for vikunja. To see all variables refer to the `alpaka documentation <https://alpaka.readthedocs.io/en/latest/advanced/cmake.html>`_.
```

ALPAKA_CXX_STANDARD
    .. code-block::

       Set the C++ standard version.

ALPAKA_ACC_<ACC>_ENABLE
    .. code-block::

        Enable one or more accelerator backends. The following accelerators are available:
        - ALPAKA_ACC_CPU_B_SEQ_T_SEQ_ENABLE
        - ALPAKA_ACC_CPU_B_SEQ_T_THREADS_ENABLE
        - ALPAKA_ACC_CPU_B_SEQ_T_FIBERS_ENABLE
        - ALPAKA_ACC_CPU_B_TBB_T_SEQ_ENABLE
        - ALPAKA_ACC_CPU_B_OMP2_T_SEQ_ENABLE
        - ALPAKA_ACC_CPU_B_SEQ_T_OMP2_ENABLE
        - ALPAKA_ACC_ANY_BT_OMP5_ENABLE
        - ALPAKA_ACC_GPU_CUDA_ENABLE
        - ALPAKA_ACC_GPU_HIP_ENABLE

>         Important: Not all accelerator backends are tested, see CI tests.

Author: Yes, I will add it.
